Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-solvedlab-assignment-6-activities
<br>
1. Answer the questions in the spaces provided or attach a sheet with your answers (be sure to label questions for proper credit) (2 points each, unless noted otherwise):QuestionYour Answera. What is the relationship between a class and an object?b. What is the difference between a class state and a class behavior? How are class states and class behaviors implemented in Java classes? (3 points)c. What restrictions are placed on instance variable and static variable access from within the definition of: (3 points)• an instance method and• a static methodd. How is an instance method call different than a static method call?CIS 2571: Introduction to JavaLab AssignmentCollege of DuPage 2 CREngland2. On your own, create a Java program to solve the Chapter 8 Programming Exercise 8.7 (The Account Class) on page 331 of your textbook with the following additional programming specifications:• The Account class should be in a separate file from the test program (TestAccount). Below are a few hints to get you started: (13 points)o The annualInterestRate is shared by all account objects; it should be stored as a static class variable and initialized to the rate given in the textbook.o In place of the getMonthlyInterestRate, include a method getMonthlyInterest that returns the amount of monthly interest for the current account balance.o The private Date object can be formatted for use in an output string (see Date/Time Conversions): http://docs.oracle.com/javase/7/docs/api/java/util/Formatter.html#syntaxo You should have void methods for deposit and withdraw that will be passed an amount to update the balance accordingly.• Add the following data field (and the related public accessor and mutator methods) to the Account class: (2 points)o A private String/StringBuilder data field named name for the account holder’s first and last name (default empty String)• Add the following logic to the TestAccount program: (20 points)o The user should be prompted to input their name and beginning account balance. There should be separate prompts for their first and last name which are then concatenated and stored in a newly created Account object.o The initial account information is then displayed (use the static String format method to create the formatted string for output in the following format). You will note that this string is re-displayed when a deposit or withdrawal is made on the account object.ID: 1122Created: 02/25/13Owner: Sam WilliamsOpening Balance: 20,000.00Annual Rate: 4.50%CIS 2571: Introduction to JavaLab AssignmentCollege of DuPage 3 CREnglando The user should be prompted for an amount to withdraw. The appropriate method is called and the amount is deducted from the account balance and the updated account information displayed to the user (test case in textbook used):ID: 1122Created: 02/25/13Owner: Sam WilliamsOpening Balance: 20,000.00Annual Rate: 4.50%Withdraw: 2,500.00Current Balance: 17,500.00o The user should be prompted for an amount to deposit. The appropriate method is called and the amount is added from the account balance and the updated account information displayed to the user (test case in textbook used):ID: 1122Created: 02/25/13Owner: Sam WilliamsOpening Balance: 20,000.00Annual Rate: 4.50%Deposit: 3,000.00Current Balance: 20,500.00Use the console for input and output of account information.a. Create the source code files, Account.java and TestAccount.java. Add a block comment at the top of each file to identify your name, file, date, class, assignment, and short description of the file. (4 points total, 2 points each)b. Compile the source code until no errors are found. The Java bytecode files Account.class and TestAccount.class should be created.• Common Errors: http://www.cs.armstrong.edu/liang/intro9e/debug.htmlc. Run the Java bytecode and observe the results.d. Attach a hardcopy printout of your source code.e. Attach a hardcopy printout of your sample output:• Use the sample account information from the textbook, use your name for the name. Attach copies of your output session. (3 points )f. Attach a software generated hardcopy output of the UML class diagram for the Account class. Remember to include access specifiers for properties and methods (see Figure 8.17 on pate 320 in textbook). (15 points)• See the following link for an online supplement from the author for UML graphical notations:http://www.cs.armstrong.edu/liang/intro9e/supplement/Supplement5dUMLNotation.pdfCIS 2571: Introduction to JavaLab AssignmentCollege of DuPage 4 CREnglandg. Create a .zip file containing only your .java source code files. Upload a copy of this .zip file to the appropriate assignment in Blackboard (this will be demonstrated during class). (3 points)• See the following link for a video on submitting assignment in Blackboard:http://ondemand.blackboard.com/r91/movies/bb91_student_submit_assignment.htm• See the following link for a video on creating .zip files in Windows XP:<iframe title="Zip and Unzip files in Windows XP" width="980" height="735" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen data-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/3xqF56OZo_k?feature=oembed" class="lazyload" src="data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw=="></iframe>• See the following link for instructions on creating .zip files:http://condor.depaul.edu/slytinen/instructions/zip.html